README.md, before:

# TypeDependencies

[![Tests](https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/TypeDependencies.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TypeDependencies)
[![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/TypeDependencies.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TypeDependencies)
[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0)

A command-line tool for analyzing and visualizing type dependencies in C# assemblies. Extract dependency graphs from compiled DLLs and export them in DOT (Graphviz), JSON, or Mermaid format. Works as both a CLI tool and an MCP (Model Context Protocol) server for AI agents.

**Dependencies** are types that a given type depends on (outgoing), while **dependents** are types that depend on a given type (incoming). For more information about this see the section about [Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For](#understanding-dependencies-vs-dependents-and-what-to-query-for).

### What You Can Do

The tool enables you to answer questions like:

- **Find all dependencies of a type**: See what types a specific type depends on
- **Find all dependents of a type**: See which types depend on a specific type
- **Find types with the fewest dependencies**: Identify leaf nodes or types with minimal coupling
- **Find types with the most dependents**: Identify highly-used types that many other types rely on
- **Detect circular dependencies**: Find dependency cycles that can indicate design issues
- **Analyze transitive relationships**: Follow dependency chains recursively to understand indirect relationships
- **Export dependency graphs**: Visualize the entire dependency structure in various formats

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [MCP Server Mode](#mcp-server-mode)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [CLI Tool](#cli-tool)
  - [Export Formats](#export-formats)
  - [Querying the Dependency Graph](#querying-the-dependency-graph)
  - [Available MCP Tools](#available-mcp-tools)
- [What Gets Analyzed](#what-gets-analyzed)
- [Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For](#understanding-dependencies-vs-dependents-and-what-to-query-for)
- [Development](#development)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

### As a .NET Global Tool

```bash
dotnet tool install --global TypeDependencies
```

After installation, the `type-dep` command will be available globally, the CLI is ready to use.

## MCP Server Mode

TypeDependencies can also run as an MCP server, making it available to AI agents through the Model Context Protocol.

**Run as MCP server:**
```bash
type-dep --mcp
```

If you want it as an MCP tool in for example Cursor, add this to your MCP configuration:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "type-dep": {
      "name": "TypeDependencies MCP Server",
      "stdio": true,
      "command": "type-dep",
      "args": ["--mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```

**Uninstall:**
```bash
dotnet tool uninstall -g TypeDependencies
```

## Usage

### CLI Tool

#### Workflow

1. Initialize a new analysis session
2. Add DLL files to analyze
3. Generate the dependency graph
4. Export the graph in your desired format (or query it)

#### Commands

**Initialize a session:**
```bash
type-dep init
```

**Add DLL files to analyze:**
```bash
type-dep add path/to/your/assembly.dll
type-dep add path/to/another/assembly.dll
```

**Suggest DLL files based on .csproj files:**
```bash
type-dep suggest                    # Search current directory
type-dep suggest --directory ./src  # Search specific directory
```
This command recursively searches for .csproj files and suggests matching .dll files with the same name. Output format: `ProjectName -> FullDllPath`.

**Generate the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep generate
```

**Export the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep export                           # Export as DOT (default)
type-dep export --format dot              # Export as DOT
type-dep export --format json             # Export as JSON
type-dep export --format mermaid          # Export as Mermaid
type-dep export --output my-dependencies.json  # Custom output path
```

**Query the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query transitive-dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query transitive-dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query circular-dependencies
type-dep query dependents 0          # Types with exactly 0 dependents
type-dep query dependents >5         # Types with more than 5 dependents
type-dep query dependencies 0        # Types with no dependencies
```

**Get help:**
```bash
type-dep help
```

#### Examples

```bash
# Basic workflow
type-dep init
type-dep add MyProject/bin/Debug/net8.0/MyProject.dll
type-dep generate
type-dep export --format json --output dependencies.json

# Discover DLL files automatically
type-dep suggest                    # Find DLLs based on .csproj files
type-dep suggest --directory ./src  # Search in specific directory

# Export in multiple formats
type-dep generate
type-dep export --format dot --output graph.dot
type-dep export --format json --output graph.json
type-dep export --format mermaid --output graph.mmd

# Query the graph
type-dep generate
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query dependencies 0          # Find leaf nodes
type-dep query circular-dependencies   # Detect cycles
```

### Export Formats

After generating the dependency graph, you can export it in multiple formats:

**DOT format (default):**
```bash
type-dep export
# or explicitly
type-dep export --format dot
```

**JSON format:**
```bash
type-dep export --format json
```

**Mermaid format:**
```bash
type-dep export --format mermaid
```

**Custom output path:**
```bash
type-dep export --output my-dependencies.json
```

By default, the output file is saved to the current working directory as `type-dependencies.dot` (or `type-dependencies.json` for JSON format, `type-dependencies.mmd` for Mermaid format).

**Multiple exports:** Since the graph is generated once and stored, you can export it multiple times in different formats without regenerating it. The session persists until you manually clear it or start a new one with `init`.

### Querying the Dependency Graph

After generating the dependency graph, you can query it to find specific information:

**Find types that depend on a specific type:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**Find types that a specific type depends on:**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**Filter types by dependent count:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents 0          # Types with exactly 0 dependents
type-dep query dependents >5         # Types with more than 5 dependents
type-dep query dependents >=3        # Types with 3 or more dependents
type-dep query dependents <2         # Types with less than 2 dependents
type-dep query dependents <=1        # Types with 1 or fewer dependents
type-dep query dependents 2-10       # Types with between 2 and 10 dependents (inclusive)
```

**Filter types by dependency count (outgoing dependencies):**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0          # Types with no dependencies (leaf nodes)
type-dep query dependencies >5         # Types that depend on more than 5 types
type-dep query dependencies >=3        # Types with 3 or more dependencies
type-dep query dependencies <2         # Types with less than 2 dependencies
type-dep query dependencies <=1        # Types with 1 or fewer dependencies
type-dep query dependencies 2-10       # Types with between 2 and 10 dependencies (inclusive)
```

**Find transitive dependencies (recursive):**
```bash
type-dep query transitive-dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
```
This returns all types that the specified type depends on, directly and indirectly, following the entire dependency chain.

**Find transitive dependents (recursive):**
```bash
type-dep query transitive-dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```
This returns all types that depend on the specified type, directly and indirectly, following the entire dependency chain in reverse.

**Detect circular dependencies:**
```bash
type-dep query circular-dependencies
```
This finds and lists all circular dependency cycles in the graph. Each cycle is displayed as a chain of type names connected by arrows (e.g., `TypeA -> TypeB -> TypeC -> TypeA`).

All query results are output one type per line, sorted alphabetically (except circular dependencies which show the cycle path).

**Note:** Compiler-generated types (names starting with `<`) are automatically filtered out from query results.

### Available MCP Tools

When running as an MCP server, the following tools are available:

**Session Management:**
- `td_init()` - Initialize a new analysis session

**DLL Management:**
- `td_add(dllPath: string)` - Add a DLL to the current session

**Graph Generation:**
- `td_generate()` - Generate dependency graph from added DLLs

**Export:**
- `td_export(format?: string, outputPath?: string)` - Export the generated graph
  - `format`: "dot", "json", or "mermaid" (defaults to "dot")
  - `outputPath`: Optional file path (defaults to `type-dependencies.{ext}` in current directory)

**Query Tools:**
- `td_query_dependents_of(typeName: string)` - Find types that depend on a type
- `td_query_dependencies_of(typeName: string)` - Find types a type depends on
- `td_query_dependents(countExpression: string)` - Filter by dependent count (supports: number, >number, >=number, <number, <=number, min-max)
- `td_query_dependencies(countExpression: string)` - Filter by dependency count (supports: number, >number, >=number, <number, <=number, min-max)
- `td_query_transitive_dependencies_of(typeName: string)` - Find recursive dependencies
- `td_query_transitive_dependents_of(typeName: string)` - Find recursive dependents
- `td_query_circular_dependencies()` - Detect circular dependencies

All MCP tools return string responses with success messages or error descriptions.

## What Gets Analyzed

The tool extracts dependencies from:
- Base types
- Implemented interfaces
- Field types
- Property types
- Method return types and parameters
- Attribute types
- Generic type constraints

System and Microsoft namespaces are automatically filtered out to focus on your application code.

## Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For

The distinction between **dependencies** and **dependents** can be confusing at first. Here's a clear explanation with practical examples:

### The Basic Concept

- **Dependencies** (outgoing): Types that a given type **depends on** (what it uses/requires)
- **Dependents** (incoming): Types that **depend on** a given type (what uses/requires it)

### A Concrete Example

Imagine you have three types:
- `OrderService` - uses `Order` and `PaymentProcessor`
- `Order` - a simple data class
- `PaymentProcessor` - handles payments

In this scenario:
- `OrderService` **has dependencies on**: `Order` and `PaymentProcessor` (it uses them)
- `Order` **has a dependent**: `OrderService` (something uses it)
- `PaymentProcessor` **has a dependent**: `OrderService` (something uses it)

### Finding Types You Can Move Easily

When refactoring or reorganizing code, you often want to find types that are easy to move because they don't depend on other types. These are called **leaf nodes** - they have zero outgoing dependencies.

To find these types, use:

```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0
```

This command lists all types that have **zero dependencies** - meaning they don't depend on any other types in your codebase. These are typically the easiest to move or refactor because they don't pull in other dependencies.

### Understanding the Full Picture

However, even if a type has zero dependencies, you should also consider its **dependents** (what depends on it). If many types depend on a type, moving it might require updating all those dependents.

To check what depends on a specific type:

```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**The easiest types to move** are those with:
- **Zero dependencies** (they don't depend on anything)
- **Zero dependents** (nothing depends on them)

To find these, you can:
1. Find types with 0 dependencies: `type-dep query dependencies 0`
2. For each candidate, check its dependents: `type-dep query dependents-of <TypeName>`

### Common Query Patterns

**Find types that are easy to move (no dependencies):**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0
```

**Find types that are heavily used (many dependents):**
```bash
type-dep query dependents >5
```

**Find types that are isolated (no dependents):**
```bash
type-dep query dependents 0
```

**Find types that are completely isolated (no dependencies AND no dependents):**
This requires checking both - first find types with 0 dependencies, then check each one's dependents.

## Development

### Getting the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies.git
cd type-dependencies
```

### Building

```bash
dotnet build
```

### Installing from source

```bash
dotnet build
dotnet tool install -g --add-source "./TypeDependencies.Cli/bin/Debug" TypeDependencies
```

### Running Tests

```bash
dotnet test
```

## License

GPL-3.0

Commit message:

add support for getting detailed info in queries

README.md, after:

# TypeDependencies

[![Tests](https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/TypeDependencies.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TypeDependencies)
[![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/TypeDependencies.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/TypeDependencies)
[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0)

A command-line tool for analyzing and visualizing type dependencies in C# assemblies. Extract dependency graphs from compiled DLLs and export them in DOT (Graphviz), JSON, or Mermaid format. Works as both a CLI tool and an MCP (Model Context Protocol) server for AI agents.

**Dependencies** are types that a given type depends on (outgoing), while **dependents** are types that depend on a given type (incoming). For more information about this see the section about [Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For](#understanding-dependencies-vs-dependents-and-what-to-query-for).

### What You Can Do

The tool enables you to answer questions like:

- **Find all dependencies of a type**: See what types a specific type depends on
- **Find all dependents of a type**: See which types depend on a specific type
- **Find types with the fewest dependencies**: Identify leaf nodes or types with minimal coupling
- **Find types with the most dependents**: Identify highly-used types that many other types rely on
- **Detect circular dependencies**: Find dependency cycles that can indicate design issues
- **Analyze transitive relationships**: Follow dependency chains recursively to understand indirect relationships
- **Export dependency graphs**: Visualize the entire dependency structure in various formats

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [MCP Server Mode](#mcp-server-mode)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [CLI Tool](#cli-tool)
  - [Export Formats](#export-formats)
  - [Querying the Dependency Graph](#querying-the-dependency-graph)
  - [Available MCP Tools](#available-mcp-tools)
- [What Gets Analyzed](#what-gets-analyzed)
- [Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For](#understanding-dependencies-vs-dependents-and-what-to-query-for)
- [Development](#development)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

### As a .NET Global Tool

```bash
dotnet tool install --global TypeDependencies
```

After installation, the `type-dep` command will be available globally, the CLI is ready to use.

## MCP Server Mode

TypeDependencies can also run as an MCP server, making it available to AI agents through the Model Context Protocol.

**Run as MCP server:**
```bash
type-dep --mcp
```

If you want it as an MCP tool in for example Cursor, add this to your MCP configuration:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "type-dep": {
      "name": "TypeDependencies MCP Server",
      "stdio": true,
      "command": "type-dep",
      "args": ["--mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```

**Uninstall:**
```bash
dotnet tool uninstall -g TypeDependencies
```

## Usage

### CLI Tool

#### Workflow

1. Initialize a new analysis session
2. Add DLL files to analyze
3. Generate the dependency graph
4. Export the graph in your desired format (or query it)

#### Commands

**Initialize a session:**
```bash
type-dep init
```

**Add DLL files to analyze:**
```bash
type-dep add path/to/your/assembly.dll
type-dep add path/to/another/assembly.dll
```

**Suggest DLL files based on .csproj files:**
```bash
type-dep suggest                    # Search current directory
type-dep suggest --directory ./src  # Search specific directory
```
This command recursively searches for .csproj files and suggests matching .dll files with the same name. Output format: `ProjectName -> FullDllPath`.

**Generate the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep generate
```

**Export the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep export                           # Export as DOT (default)
type-dep export --format dot              # Export as DOT
type-dep export --format json             # Export as JSON
type-dep export --format mermaid          # Export as Mermaid
type-dep export --output my-dependencies.json  # Custom output path
```

**Query the dependency graph:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query transitive-dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query transitive-dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query circular-dependencies
type-dep query dependents 0          # Types with exactly 0 dependents
type-dep query dependents >5         # Types with more than 5 dependents
type-dep query dependencies 0        # Types with no dependencies
```

**Get help:**
```bash
type-dep help
```

#### Examples

```bash
# Basic workflow
type-dep init
type-dep add MyProject/bin/Debug/net8.0/MyProject.dll
type-dep generate
type-dep export --format json --output dependencies.json

# Discover DLL files automatically
type-dep suggest                    # Find DLLs based on .csproj files
type-dep suggest --directory ./src  # Search in specific directory

# Export in multiple formats
type-dep generate
type-dep export --format dot --output graph.dot
type-dep export --format json --output graph.json
type-dep export --format mermaid --output graph.mmd

# Query the graph
type-dep generate
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
type-dep query dependencies 0          # Find leaf nodes
type-dep query dependencies 0 --detailed  # Find leaf nodes with dependent counts
type-dep query circular-dependencies   # Detect cycles
```

### Export Formats

After generating the dependency graph, you can export it in multiple formats:

**DOT format (default):**
```bash
type-dep export
# or explicitly
type-dep export --format dot
```

**JSON format:**
```bash
type-dep export --format json
```

**Mermaid format:**
```bash
type-dep export --format mermaid
```

**Custom output path:**
```bash
type-dep export --output my-dependencies.json
```

By default, the output file is saved to the current working directory as `type-dependencies.dot` (or `type-dependencies.json` for JSON format, `type-dependencies.mmd` for Mermaid format).

**Multiple exports:** Since the graph is generated once and stored, you can export it multiple times in different formats without regenerating it. The session persists until you manually clear it or start a new one with `init`.

### Querying the Dependency Graph

After generating the dependency graph, you can query it to find specific information:

**Find types that depend on a specific type:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**Find types that a specific type depends on:**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**Filter types by dependent count:**
```bash
type-dep query dependents 0          # Types with exactly 0 dependents
type-dep query dependents >5         # Types with more than 5 dependents
type-dep query dependents >=3        # Types with 3 or more dependents
type-dep query dependents <2         # Types with less than 2 dependents
type-dep query dependents <=1        # Types with 1 or fewer dependents
type-dep query dependents 2-10       # Types with between 2 and 10 dependents (inclusive)
```

**Filter types by dependency count (outgoing dependencies):**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0          # Types with no dependencies (leaf nodes)
type-dep query dependencies >5         # Types that depend on more than 5 types
type-dep query dependencies >=3        # Types with 3 or more dependencies
type-dep query dependencies <2         # Types with less than 2 dependencies
type-dep query dependencies <=1        # Types with 1 or fewer dependencies
type-dep query dependencies 2-10       # Types with between 2 and 10 dependencies (inclusive)
```

**Show detailed output with additional count information:**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0 --detailed    # Shows dependent counts: TypeName (N dependents)
type-dep query dependents 0 --detailed      # Shows dependency counts: TypeName (N dependencies)
```
When using `--detailed`, results are sorted by: dependency count → dependent count → name (all ascending). This makes it easy to identify types that are completely isolated (0 dependencies and 0 dependents) at a glance.

**Find transitive dependencies (recursive):**
```bash
type-dep query transitive-dependencies-of MyNamespace.MyType
```
This returns all types that the specified type depends on, directly and indirectly, following the entire dependency chain.

**Find transitive dependents (recursive):**
```bash
type-dep query transitive-dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```
This returns all types that depend on the specified type, directly and indirectly, following the entire dependency chain in reverse.

**Detect circular dependencies:**
```bash
type-dep query circular-dependencies
```
This finds and lists all circular dependency cycles in the graph. Each cycle is displayed as a chain of type names connected by arrows (e.g., `TypeA -> TypeB -> TypeC -> TypeA`).

All query results are output one type per line, sorted alphabetically by default (except circular dependencies which show the cycle path). When using the `--detailed` flag, results are sorted by dependency count, then dependent count, then alphabetically.

**Note:** Compiler-generated types (names starting with `<`) are automatically filtered out from query results.

### Available MCP Tools

When running as an MCP server, the following tools are available:

**Session Management:**
- `td_init()` - Initialize a new analysis session

**DLL Management:**
- `td_add(dllPath: string)` - Add a DLL to the current session

**Graph Generation:**
- `td_generate()` - Generate dependency graph from added DLLs

**Export:**
- `td_export(format?: string, outputPath?: string)` - Export the generated graph
  - `format`: "dot", "json", or "mermaid" (defaults to "dot")
  - `outputPath`: Optional file path (defaults to `type-dependencies.{ext}` in current directory)

**Query Tools:**
- `td_query_dependents_of(typeName: string)` - Find types that depend on a type
- `td_query_dependencies_of(typeName: string)` - Find types a type depends on
- `td_query_dependents(countExpression: string)` - Filter by dependent count (supports: number, >number, >=number, <number, <=number, min-max)
- `td_query_dependencies(countExpression: string)` - Filter by dependency count (supports: number, >number, >=number, <number, <=number, min-max)
- `td_query_transitive_dependencies_of(typeName: string)` - Find recursive dependencies
- `td_query_transitive_dependents_of(typeName: string)` - Find recursive dependents
- `td_query_circular_dependencies()` - Detect circular dependencies

All MCP tools return string responses with success messages or error descriptions.

## What Gets Analyzed

The tool extracts dependencies from:
- Base types
- Implemented interfaces
- Field types
- Property types
- Method return types and parameters
- Attribute types
- Generic type constraints

System and Microsoft namespaces are automatically filtered out to focus on your application code.

## Understanding Dependencies vs Dependents and What to Query For

The distinction between **dependencies** and **dependents** can be confusing at first. Here's a clear explanation with practical examples:

### The Basic Concept

- **Dependencies** (outgoing): Types that a given type **depends on** (what it uses/requires)
- **Dependents** (incoming): Types that **depend on** a given type (what uses/requires it)

### A Concrete Example

Imagine you have three types:
- `OrderService` - uses `Order` and `PaymentProcessor`
- `Order` - a simple data class
- `PaymentProcessor` - handles payments

In this scenario:
- `OrderService` **has dependencies on**: `Order` and `PaymentProcessor` (it uses them)
- `Order` **has a dependent**: `OrderService` (something uses it)
- `PaymentProcessor` **has a dependent**: `OrderService` (something uses it)

### Finding Types You Can Move Easily

When refactoring or reorganizing code, you often want to find types that are easy to move because they don't depend on other types. These are called **leaf nodes** - they have zero outgoing dependencies.

To find these types, use:

```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0
```

This command lists all types that have **zero dependencies** - meaning they don't depend on any other types in your codebase. These are typically the easiest to move or refactor because they don't pull in other dependencies.

### Understanding the Full Picture

However, even if a type has zero dependencies, you should also consider its **dependents** (what depends on it). If many types depend on a type, moving it might require updating all those dependents.

To check what depends on a specific type:

```bash
type-dep query dependents-of MyNamespace.MyType
```

**The easiest types to move** are those with:
- **Zero dependencies** (they don't depend on anything)
- **Zero dependents** (nothing depends on them)

To find these easily, use the `--detailed` flag:
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0 --detailed
```
This will show all types with 0 dependencies, sorted by dependent count (ascending), making it easy to spot types with both 0 dependencies and 0 dependents at the top of the list.

Alternatively, you can:
1. Find types with 0 dependencies: `type-dep query dependencies 0`
2. For each candidate, check its dependents: `type-dep query dependents-of <TypeName>`

### Common Query Patterns

**Find types that are easy to move (no dependencies):**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0
```

**Find types that are heavily used (many dependents):**
```bash
type-dep query dependents >5
```

**Find types that are isolated (no dependents):**
```bash
type-dep query dependents 0
```

**Find types that are completely isolated (no dependencies AND no dependents):**
```bash
type-dep query dependencies 0 --detailed
```
The `--detailed` flag shows dependent counts, and results are sorted by dependent count (ascending). Types with 0 dependencies and 0 dependents will appear first in the output, making them easy to identify.

## Development

### Getting the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AdamTovatt/type-dependencies.git
cd type-dependencies
```

### Building

```bash
dotnet build
```

### Installing from source

```bash
dotnet build
dotnet tool install -g --add-source "./TypeDependencies.Cli/bin/Debug" TypeDependencies
```

### Running Tests

```bash
dotnet test
```

## License

GPL-3.0
